chore: update structure of migration guide (#6625)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/troubleshooting/common/upgrading.mdx

};
```

<h1>Steps to Upgrade</h1>

> ## 1. Upgrade your dev environment

Reviewer: super nit
```suggestion
## 1. Please update your dev environment
```

In order to use Amplify JavaScript V6, you will need to make sure you are using the following versions in your development environment:

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) v16.x or later
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) v9.7.1 or later

> ## 2. Upgrade your Amplify project dependencies

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
## 2. Please update your Amplify project dependencies
```

</BlockSwitcher>

> ## 3. Upgrade Amplify CLI version and configuration file

Reviewer: super nit: 
```suggestion
## 3. Please update Amplify CLI version and configuration file
```

});
```

> ## 4. Upgrade category usage

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
## 4. Please update category usage
```

For a deeper look at how the REST API functionality in V6, check out our [API (REST) category documentation](/[platform]/build-a-backend/restapi/).

> ### In App Messaging

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### In-App Messaging
```

For a deeper look at v6 Utilities, check out our [Utilities documentation](/[platform]/build-a-backend/utilities/).

### Server-side Rendering

<Callout>

> DataStore is no longer supported in an SSR context: if you are using DataStore within your SSR project, you will need to migrate to the API category.

Reviewer: Suggestion: some thing like that. Please add a link to API category as well 🙏🏼
```suggestion
We no longer support DataStore in SSR context: Please make sure to migrate to API category 
```
